# ItemsAdder Converter

This section provides instructions on how to use the **ItemsAdder Converter** feature of the **CraftEngineConverter** plugin to convert configuration files from the **ItemsAdder** plugin into the **CraftEngine** format.

## 📋 Prerequisites

Before proceeding with the conversion, ensure that you have the following prerequisites met:
- **CraftEngineConverter** plugin installed on your Minecraft server. Refer to the [🚀 Quick Start](../getting-started/quick-start.md) guide for installation instructions.
- **ItemsAdder** plugin installed on your Minecraft server (Recommended to convert existing blocks/furniture)
- **CraftEngine** plugin installed on your Minecraft server.

If you have **ItemsAdder** installed, it is recommended to back up your server before performing any conversions and go to the config of ItemsAdder and disable the option to generate the resouce pack on server start to avoid conflicts with the resource pack generated by CraftEngine.

## Command

To convert ItemsAdder configuration files, use the following command in your Minecraft server console or in-game chat (if you have the necessary permissions):

```bash
/ceconverter convert itemsadder
```

This command will initiate the conversion process for ItemsAdder configuration files.

## Converted Files Location

After the conversion is complete, the converted files will be saved in the following directory within your server: `plugins/CraftEngineConverter/converted/ItemsAdder/`

## Upload Converted Files to CraftEngine

For this you need to go to `plugins/CraftEngine/converted/ItemsAdder/` and copy all the files from there to your plugin's folder. 
Or you can go to `plugins/CraftEngineConverter/converted/ItemsAdder/CraftEngine/resources/craftengineconverter` and copy the `configuration` and `resourcepack` folders to your `plugins/CraftEngine/resources/xxx` folder where `xxx` is a name you choose to organize your CraftEngine resources.

## Usage

If you want to convert in one click ItemsAdder blocks or furniture when you interact with them in-game, make sure to enable the following options in the `config.yml` file of **CraftEngineConverter**:
```yaml
itemsadder:
  enable-hook: true # Enable ItemsAdder integration if ItemsAdder is installed
  # Require this permission to allow ItemsAdder block interaction conversion : craftengineconverter.itemsadder.block.interact.conversion
  enable-block-interaction-conversion: true # When enabled, when you interact with an ItemsAdder block, it will convert the block to their CE equivalent
  # Require this permission to allow ItemsAdder furniture interaction conversion : craftengineconverter.itemsadder.furniture.interact.conversion
  enable-furniture-interaction-conversion: true # When enabled, when you interact with an ItemsAdder furniture, it will convert the furniture to their CE equivalent
```
Make sure that **ItemsAdder** plugin is installed on your server for these features to work.

## Additional Information

For more details on configuring **CraftEngineConverter**, please refer to the [🔧 Main Configuration](../configuration/main-config.md) page.